hello everyone it's Sarah and today I'll
be sharing with you guys the
universities I apply to which ones
accepted me and which ones rejected me
now I know there are some people who
apply to like 25 universities or more
but my school didn't allow that because
we had a rule that you could only apply
to 10 universities in total now there
was one exception to that rule and that
was if you apply to the UK because in
the UK you apply to five courses and it
was only one essay for them so my school
said that those five applications count
as one so I actually managed to apply to
14 universities by applying to five
universities in the UK now since I apply
to universities all around the globe but
I'm going to go through them country by
country so it's a little bit easier to
have an overview now let's start with
the United States because I was really
planning on studying in the u.s. so most
of my applications went to American
universities I sent an early action
application to Yale University because
Yale really was my dream school but
apparently I was in Yale's dream
students because they deferred me and
then rejected me I also applied to brown
university which wait-listed me and then
rejected me I also applied to the
University of Pennsylvania dot move in
Stanford which all rejected me then I
also applied to Colby College and
Princeton University which both accepted
me and Colby made me a really good
financial aid offer like if you're
looking for a college which has great
financial aid Colby College is
definitely a college you should apply to
like their financial aid offer was
straight-up amazing since Colby and
Princeton are both partner schools off
the Davis TWC Foundation part of my
financial aid would have come out of a
davis CWC scholarship now for instance
financial aid was like okay but you know
it wasn't great let's just say it like
that now - my situations in the u.s. I
also applied to NYU elbow W and they
invited me for a candidate weekend which
is where you get interviewed and they
show you the city and everything and the
best thing it's free if you guys don't
know about that weekend ever an article
about it on my block and it's linked in
the description box below
so yeah that was an amazing weekend and
I actually did get admitted to the
school and they offered me full
financial aid which was amazing like I
haven't heard of anyone who had bad
financial aid offer from NYU Abu Dhabi
like their financial aid is straight-up
like amazing and I still have a bit of
regret in me because I rejected your
offer of admission because honestly the
school is pretty amazing I also applied
to a college in Singapore
yelling us which is a merger between the
National University of Singapore and
Yale University I was admitted to
yelling us and they made me a pretty
good financial aid offer but there was a
problem with that offer the problem was
that the offer for a financial aid was
tied to a commitment to work for the
Singaporean government for a few years
after graduation and to be honest I
wasn't really ready to make that kind of
commitment because I don't know if four
years down the road I want to work for
the Singaporean government or a company
affiliated with it so I was like you
know I'd rather not do that and go
somewhere where I'm not bound to a work
commitment after graduating and I also
applied to five UK schools now if you
get a minute to a UK school it's a
little different than getting admitted
to an American institution because in
the UK they don't just say oh you're
admitted you can come with the fall they
say you're admitted but only if you get
these grades oh you cannot cover the
fall so that's why they're called
conditional offers and all the
conditional fears that I'm scrubbing
here are offers based on IB grades
because I was an IB student now I
applied to Durham University for law and
they rejected me then I also applied to
the University of East Anglia for law
with American law and they accepted me
on a conditional offer and they told me
that I had had to get a 34 in total and
for in English and foreign Maps
I was applied to the University of
Aberdeen for a law which German law and
they accepted me on the condition that
I'd get a 35 in total and five five five
in my higher-level subjects I also
applied to the University of Warwick for
law and they accepted me in the
condition that I've got a 38 in total
and at least a 5 in English but even if
I hadn't gotten the 5 in English I could
have made up for it by taking an English
language proficiency test and then I
also applied to the University of
Cambridge which made me a conditional
fair for law and they told me to the
attitude together 43 and 7 76 and my
higher level subjects and those are all
the universities I applied to I hope
this helps some of you guys deciding
where you should apply to and just a
quick note on how I chose which
universities I apply to so I basically
pick only rich schools in the u.s. some
of you may say that Colby is not a reach
school but to me Colby seemed like a
reach school because Colby's acceptance
rate is under 20% and I was honestly not
sure if I could get into Colby so that's
why I to me it was a reach school now I
really
study in the US so I guess it wasn't the
smartest decision to only pick rich
schools in the US because it could have
happened that all those schools reject
me and that is not that unrealistic
looking at their acceptance rates so if
you have a country where you really want
to study consider picking one or two
safeties in that country now for me I
was lucky because I got admitted to an
American University so you know I have
to change go today actually but you know
that wasn't sure based on my universe
cutest so ya consider making a bit of a
small - choice and I did um I would not
I applied to mainly reach schools rather
than safeties I know this is not what
university guidance counselor's probably
gonna tell you to do that to me this was
a smarter decision because honestly if
you have a lot of dream schools where
you think you're gonna be really happy
and you know the academics just fit what
you want that applies to dos like why
would you apply to more safeties where
you're like yeah I'd be fine there but
it's not where I really want to be
rather than applying to all the places
you really want to be and then have a
higher chance and you get into at least
one of them so that's why I applied to
only a few safeties and mostly reach
schools because I really wanted to end
up at a school where I had all the
things that I wanted and not settle for
a safety school which I would still be
fine with but I didn't really want to go
to if that makes sense but yeah some of
you guys may want to take the safer Road
which is totally fine then applied to
you safety school just make sure that
you are really happy with the list of
schools you are applying to because you
don't want to have regrets a year down
the road thinking oh my god I should
have applied to that other school and of
course you're really lucky if your
school doesn't limit the number of
applications you can send out then you
can apply to a lot of safety schools and
a lot of stream schools but if you do
have to make a choice like I did then I
would really recommend thinking about
what is more important to you having the
same knowledge that you're gonna get
into your safety schools or knowing that
you might get into your dream school and
that you aimed a little bit higher so
yeah just think about that when you make
your list
good lecture everybody is sending out
their university applications this year
if you guys have any questions about my
specific applications feel free to drop
them in the comments below or send me a
message from my block which is linked in
the info box as well thank you guys so
much for watching bye